# The TEI Expeirence

By: Brian Niemynski

Our class was all assigned to read The Yellow Wallpaper by Charlotte Perkins Stetson. From there we were each assigned some pages from the short story to do some markup and evntually turn into a XML code. XML or eXtensible Markup Language allowed us to type up the pages in code and have them in an electronic form just like it was written in the story.
## Basic Markup in Google Docs
After reading the story and getting our assigned pages we got to work doing basic markup on the text. Some of the different things that I marked up on my pages were new paragraphs, underlined words, em-dashes, and weird spaces. I would like to think i got a very luck selection of pages because there wasn't too many things to mark up other than new paragraphs. When we were doing this in class, I thought this was a super pointless step. Well.... I was wrong. Doing this basic markup in class made the coding step super easy when it came time to do that.

## Working with Oxygen
This was not my first rodeo with XML coding. I had previously taken a basic computing class and we had a section on XML. When I opened up oxygen I was not at all scared or confuced by all the different tags like <title><title/> and <body><body/>. It was nice to know that I had seen this type of program before.
  
  I did have some trouble while doing my coding though. Being that we were given the codes to use in oxygen it was supposed to be as simple as copy and paste. That wasn't always the case for me. Sometimes I had to actually type out the codes, and with that came user error. While typing the codes my codes were lighting up red signifying that something was wrong. Sometimes it took me awhile to truly figure out my mistake.
  
  ## Conclusion
  
