# Grant Process and Refection

## My Project and Inspiration
My grant project that I had proposed initially was a podcast talking about different events in history that deserved to be implemented into VR. These events could have to do with history, science, or sports. My inspiration for my project had been from a case study that I had read about earlier in the class. I had read about a Martin Luther King Jr. speech that had been created in VR. MLKJ's "Fill Up the Jails" speech had no previous video or audio recordings done. The creators of the project combined today's power of technology and the past's history to make something special. 

The MLKJ project caught my attention and made my decision easy on what my project should be. I am also a huge fan of podcasts. Most of the podcasts that I listen to are about sports, video games, and just dudes being dudes. After reading about the VR project, I instantly thought about the idea of merging a podcast and the wonders that can be done in virtual reality. 

After meeting with Dr. Stover my project did change a little bit. She had suggested that I change the idea of my podcast from talking about events that should be put in VR to talk about events that are already in VR and review them on my own. Once she talked about that idea, I thought it was a good idea right away. She also gave me a few links during our meeting to give me a jumpstart on my project.

I did not have to do much research to figure out that there were other podcasts that talk about VR. It was as simple as clicking the podcast app on my phone and typing VR in the search bar. 20+ different podcasts popped up right away. The different topics within these podcasts are the history of VR, daily/weekly news about VR, or even the use of VR in video games. Before ever writing or researching my topic I had never once thought about owning a VR headset. After being invested in learning more about VR I have been thinking about buying one to possibly experience the things I have been learning about.

## Class Reflection
Signing up for this class I had no clue what I was getting myself into. I had previously taken a humanities class in high school and it was a student favorite at my school. When I had read the course description for this course it seemed like it was completely different. I was right. At the beginning of the class I had no idea on what DH meant or even what it was. After going through the whole class I can honestly say I still cannot define DH. Even though I cannot define DH, I understand it to the point where I can tell if a project is DH or not. Unlike most of the electives I have taken here at school I can honestly say I have learned something from this class.

Not know what DH meant at the beginning of the class did not help when it came to the early readings. The assigned readings during the first few weeks of class just confused me on what DH is or what it meant. The more and more readings that we had helped me learn and understand the whole concept of DH. Like I had said earlier, I still can't define or put into words a hard definition of DH but the reading has helped me decipher if something is DH or not.

I have never been a so-called good writer in school, and I have felt like I have struggled with writing assignments in the past. Dr. Stover's feedback on my blog posts and assignments have told me the opposite. She has told me that I must fix minor things in my writing. That reassured me and gave me a confidence boost in my writing. Overall I am 100% happy with my decision in taking this class. The coursework was never boring, and it gave us students a fun and interesting way to learn about DH. The only thing I wish I could change about this class is the time. 9am on MWF was a struggle for me most times. Other than the time I had a great time in this class, and I would recommend it to other students looking for a fun class to take.
